The first is visualization and the next is the creation stage practices of the visualization.
In the debate, it is called Chiram. Chiram means something that you realize or you mentally
construct.
You are now going to mentally construct. You are going to try something mentally construct.
Chiram is a mental construct. Now maybe we are thinking why we are making mentally constructors.
Why we are making mentally constructors? That is in the teaching series or the very end of the
teaching series.
We are using this mentally construct technique to avoid the larger disturbance of the mental
constructors.
This is, in the teaching often said, to remedy or to cure the disease using the same techniques.
In the teaching said, when you water wet in the egg, to pull out, you put a little water in the
teaching set.
So must be that. I never did it. But must be true. So if you like to pull the water out, you pull
the water out.
And to cut the iron, you use the iron. You are going to use iron.
To cure the pile, troubles, use piles. Those are the teaching set.
See, same remedy as like, in a way, a modern time, terminology in Western homopathic systems.
Using homopathic, natural remedies. You are using that.
This natural remedy is not just also only that, but what it is making.
Generally, this duality, as you say so many times, we know it, but intellectually we know this.
Duality is so regimented, so regimented, so kind of like hard, hard-hacks.
But otherwise, this is the illusion. This universe is illusion.
Samsara is illusion. Not just the object is illusion. Ourself is illusion.
So Samsara is a dream. Myself is a dream. Yourself is a dream. Nothing is a difference.
But we don't see that. Why? Because of our duality. Even we think, "Oh, it's a dream, everything."
We always think, "We are the watchers. We are not really dreamers."
"Oh, we are watchers of the magic, but I am not magic." That's how duality it is.
It's always like fold up, clinging, and make the contradicting from where the natures are.
Otherwise, it's illusion. Now you're going to break the illusion image of the deity,
exactly as it is, transcendent the illusion of the habit pattern.
And for that reason, one of the principle purposes of the visualization is always in the teaching
set.
The purpose and powerful purpose of the visualization is only to immediately break the system of
the duality.
Immediately you break the system of the dualities.
You're completely kind of, in a way, giving the electric shock to the duality system.
What that means, the duality system, you get that. What it does, it breaks the habit pattern
systems.
The habit pattern is tumbling now. It's tumbling. The system is tumbling.
And at the same time, you make it close to the connection, where things are.
Where things are? Where things are in the beauty of the natural states.
The natural state is known as three radial states.
The radial body, the radial speech, and the radial mind. That is the reality.
This radial body, radial speech, radial mind is not only kind of myself alone, a secluded area.
Again, if you are relaxed with me, maybe I am that status, that.
This is something glad you are teaching.
Buddha is teaching. The entire universe, the world, beyond, is in that three radial states.
That is what it is.
All the poems are the radial poems. All the songs are the radial songs.
And all the space, the mind, are the radial mind.
Why using the mind? But, sorry, why using the radial?
But, wait, radial means there's seven qualities of the radial.
Often, the great master of thinking also says, again, all this he said, seven qualities.
But, to summarize that radial poem, it's indestructible.
That's what Buddha teaching said.
Why indestructible poem? Why is indestructible song?
Why indestructible space or mind?
Because the nature of all this is in great emptiness states.
Every these illusions, in emptiness states, every part of the atoms, atoms in emptiness states,
and partless atom is emptiness states.
Whether it's gross, whether it's large, all that openness states, freedom states, the illusion
states,
that's never going to change. It's never going to change.
Any means. It's never changing the past. It's not going to change in the future.
It's not changing every time.
This is what the way the natural is. Therefore, use the magic.
It's a display. Display of the natural.
Display. It's playful natural. It's useful for our Buddha natural.
Display. Therefore, the Buddha natural, luxury of the sambhoka is richness status.
There's no shortages. Sambhoka. All this is, there is more emanating, more transforming, more
manifesting, more moving,
and more transcendent. It's just the waves, endless.
All different shapes in palm, all that variety comes. That is what the natural is.
So by this vigillization, you're connected to immediately that natural status.
Today, vigillization is a window of to bring that whole song of the richness qualities of that.
And then also in the teachings said, in another reason, immediately it's purifying the habit of
patterns,
as it's knocking down. Habit pattern is what?
Vigils of the habit pattern is suffering.
Vigils of the, all the usage of the habit pattern is suffering.
That's what the Buddha taught, the suffering truth, suffering truth.
This, the physical body, in a normal way, it brings uncomfortables.
It's a result of the karma.
But immediately, you're now knocking that karmic physical body, physical body into the purity
divine body
of the five dhyana buddhas, five femal buddhas and so on.
So there, for all those reasons, vigillization is so powerful.
It is connected to the true way things are, and it is immediately, you are in that status.
Nature is that, and now you're cooperating where the natures are without duality interference.
So therefore, this, therefore, this vigillization is all so special and important.